MyAssignents
============
(Note this document is in Markdown format)

FAO Moodle Moot UK 15 Dashboard people, the types/ directory contains the individual module interrogators that implement the logic to construct an SQL query, which is then used to get a single SQL result, which is then used to display the coursework information.

Purpose
-------
The purpose of the **MyCoursework** block is two fold. The first part is to provide students with a view of their assignments across all of their classes. The second (and yet to be implemented) aspect is to allow Counsellors to have a view across each of their student's assignments.

There are 2 main interfaces for the **MyCoursework** block. 

**MyCoursework** Block
-------------------

The first is the **MyCoursework** block itself, which can be added to a user's Myplace Homepage. This should be a default item (depending on the server's configuration), but the user may choose to remove it.

The block displays a list of assignments (or any Moodle mod that has a "timedue" or "timeclose" attribute) that have either:
1. Passed with no submission having been made - "Over due"
2. Have a closing/submission date that is within a specified number of days (from the current date/time). This period of time is a server setting that can be changed by Server Adminstrators, and by default is 14 days.

From the block, users can go directly to the assignment/activity's page to either submit or complete the activity.

**MyCoursework** Page
------------------

The block also provides a link to a **MyCoursework** page that lists *all* of the activities that are still "open" to the student. This includes assignments and some supported activities (e.g. quizzes). 

From this page the user can:
* Go directly to the submission page or the main activity page to complete the assignment/activity.
* See if any of their assignments have been graded, what grade they have been given and access the feedback (if supported by the assignment/activity mod) provided.

Grading information is only displayed if the corresponding Gradebook item for the assignment/activity has been made visible.

Indicator System
----------------

Both the block and the **MyCoursework** page use a coloured ball system to indicate the "dueness" of a particular activity or assignment. This system is consistent with the indicators used by the Library features in the Mobile Applications to indicate the relative due-ness/overdue-ness of library books.

Each assignment/activity displays one of 3 image states:
1. Red Ball with ! - Indicating that the activity's due date has passed and there has been no submission made.
2. Orange Ball - Indicating that the activity becomes due within the specified window (normally 14 days of the current date/time).
3. Green Ball - Indicating that the activity is not due within the specified window.
